Add `KubeletInUserNamespace` feature gate (#28827)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates.md

  See [setting kubelet parameters via a config file](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/)
  for more details.
- `KubeletCredentialProviders`: Enable kubelet exec credential providers for image pull credentials.
- `KubeletInUserNamespace`: Enables support for running kubelet in a user namespace.
   The user namespace has to be created before running kubelet.

>    All the node components such as CRI need to be running in the same user namespace.

Reviewer: For user documentation here would be helpful to say what would be result otherwise - how user will diagnose incorrect setting

Author: I'm not sure. I don't think a user may execute them in different user namespaces accidentally.

Reviewer 2: From user's perspective, it is a little bit confusing how the chicken-egg problem is resolved. I have to have a namespace before running kubelet. How can that happen? This is only used when adding a new worker node to an existing cluster?

Reviewer 3: This is not about placing Nodes in namespaces per the API (I think); it's about running the kubelet on Linux after setting `CLONE_NEWUSER` during process creation to set up a new user namespace on the host.

I believe that the kubelet also doesn't directly create any user namespace, though its chosen container runtime might.

Reviewer 3: In our docs, let's help make sure this difference is clear to readers.

Author: Added `content/en/docs/reference/glossary/userns.md`

   When the feature gate is enabled, kubelet ignores errors that may happen during setting the following sysctl values:

>   `vm.overcommit_memory`, `vm.panic_on_oom`, `kernel.panic`, `kernel.panic_on_oops`, `kernel.keys.root_maxkeys`, `kernel.keys.root_maxbytes`.
>    (These sysctl values for the host, not for the containers.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `vm.overcommit_memory`, `vm.panic_on_oom`, `kernel.panic`, `kernel.panic_on_oops`, `kernel.keys.root_maxkeys`, `kernel.keys.root_maxbytes`
   (these sysctl values for the host, not for the containers).
```

Reviewer: Also perhaps mention that these settings are not critical for running kubelet.

Author: Fixed

>    kubelet also ignores an error during opening `/dev/kmsg`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Kubelet also ignores an error during opening `/dev/kmsg`.
```

Author: Fixed

  See [setting kubelet parameters via a config file](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/)
  for more details.
- `KubeletCredentialProviders`: Enable kubelet exec credential providers for image pull credentials.

> - `KubeletInUserNamespace`: Enables support for running kubelet in a user namespace.

Reviewer 3: We can use the new glossary entry:
```suggestion
- `KubeletInUserNamespace`: Enables support for running kubelet in a
   {{<glossary_tooltip text="user namespace" term_id="userns">}}.
```

Author: applied

>    The user namespace has to be created before running kubelet.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   You must ensure the user namespace exists before the kubelet starts.
```

Author: deleted the sentence

   All the node components such as CRI need to be running in the same user namespace.
   When the feature gate is enabled, kubelet ignores errors that may happen during setting the following sysctl values:
  `vm.overcommit_memory`, `vm.panic_on_oom`, `kernel.panic`, `kernel.panic_on_oops`, `kernel.keys.root_maxkeys`, `kernel.keys.root_maxbytes`.
   (these sysctl values for the host, not for the containers).
   Kubelet also ignores an error during opening `/dev/kmsg`.
   This feature gate also allows kube-proxy to ignore an error during setting `RLIMIT_NOFILE`.

>    This feature gate is especially useful for running Kubernetes inside Rootless Docker/Podman with `kind` or `minikube`.

Reviewer 3: This is more detail that we'd normally put in the feature gates page. I'd omit all this.

Author: omitted

  See [setting kubelet parameters via a config file](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file/)
  for more details.
- `KubeletCredentialProviders`: Enable kubelet exec credential providers for image pull credentials.
- `KubeletInUserNamespace`: Enables support for running kubelet in a {{<glossary_tooltip text="user namespace" term_id="userns">}}.

>    See [Running Kubernetes node components as a non-root user (`KubeletInUserNamespace`)](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-in-userns).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   See [Running Kubernetes node components as a non-root user](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-in-userns/).
```

Author: Done
